docs/source/howtos/begin-integration.rst, before:

How to begin integration
========================

All the endpoints exposed on this API require authentication.
You can find a guide to achieve that on :doc:`../howtos/authenticate` page.

.. _get-client-id:

Client id for you application
-----------------------------

If you want to use Code Flow or Implicit Flow in the authorization process, you will need a **client id** issued for your application by Tedee. 
For that please send the request for obtaining **client id** using this `form <https://forms.office.com/Pages/ResponsePage.aspx?id=ibO271oOn0SweG6SXqsY5mzyA4EPEdlFuUag8sIe36JUNUU4VExYVksxTlU5WDRKUFNHTFdZT0Q3Ni4u>`_.

Based on above information, we will register your application in our system and send you **client id** and **client secret**.

Tutorials
------------

To learn step by step how to integrate with tedee, please follow these tutorials:

Integration via API
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

These tutorials are intended for integrators who will use only Tedee API for integrations:

* :doc:`How to authenticate <authenticate>`
* :doc:`Get and sync locks <get-and-sync-locks>`
* :doc:`Operate locks <operate-locks>`
* :doc:`How to manage device shares <share-device>`
* :doc:`Update locks settings <update-lock-settings>`

Integration via BLE
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

These tutorials are intended for integrators who wants to integrate with Tedee devices via Bluetooth connection:

* :doc:`How to connect to Tedee device via Bluetooth <connect-device-via-ble>`

More information
----------------

If you need more information about integration please check following links:

* You can user our logo but first read the :doc:`logo guidance <../logo-guidance>`
* Check existing :doc:`integration examples <example-integrations>`
* Use `community forum <https://tedee.freshdesk.com/en/support/discussions>`_ if you need help

Commit message:

final begin integration with section for internet and BLE (#84)
* final begin integration with section for internet and BLE

* fix language issues and correct page title for ble tutorial

docs/source/howtos/begin-integration.rst, after:

How to begin integration
========================

Hi, so you want to write some integration? Choose one of supported scenarios: Full internet or Bluetooth, follow provided steps and have fun.

.. _get-client-id:

Integration via API
-------------------

You bought a Tedee Lock and you want to write some automation? You want to create a plugin to existing Smart Home system to integrate it with 
Tedee Lock via internet? Your company provide smart home platform and want to integrate with Tedee Lock via internet? 
You are in good place, our Open REST API allows you do everything what you need. 

You will need:

* Tedee Lock added to your Tedee account
* Tedee Bridge connected to the Internet and paired with the lock

Follow these tutorials:

* :doc:`How to authenticate <authenticate>`
* :doc:`Get and sync locks <get-and-sync-locks>`
* :doc:`Operate locks <operate-locks>`
* :doc:`How to manage device shares <share-device>`
* :doc:`Update locks settings <update-lock-settings>`

Integration via Bluetooth
-------------------------

If you already own bridge/device then you can connect it to Tedee Lock via Bluetooth. 
Your device must have internet connection to refresh access certificate used to communicate with Tedee Lock.

You will need:

* Tedee Lock added to your Tedee account
* Your own bridge/device with internet connection

Follow these tutorials:

* :doc:`How to authenticate <authenticate>`
* :doc:`How to prepare your device to connect to Tedee Lock via Bluetooth <connect-device-via-ble>`
* `How to connect your device to Tedee Lock via Bluetooth <https://tedee-tedee-lock-ble-api-doc.readthedocs-hosted.com/en/latest/howtos/begin-integration.html>`_

More information
----------------

If you need more information about integration please check following links:

* You can user our logo but first read the :doc:`logo guidance <../logo-guidance>`
* Check existing :doc:`integration examples <example-integrations>`
* Use `community forum <https://tedee.freshdesk.com/en/support/discussions>`_ if you need help
