docs/source/enums/event-type.rst, before:

Event type
---------------------------------------

This enum describes possible events in device activity logs

+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Number |           Name            |                                                    Description                                                     |
+========+===========================+====================================================================================================================+
| 32     | LockedRemote              | locked via mobile app                                                                                              |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 33     | UnlockedRemote            | unlocked via mobile app                                                                                            |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 34     | LockedButton              | locked by pressing the button on lock device                                                                       |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 35     | UnlockedButton            | unlocked by pressing the button on lock device                                                                     |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 36     | LockedAuto                | successfully performed auto lock feature                                                                           |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 37     | UnlockedAuto              | successfully performed auto unlock feature                                                                         |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 38     | LockedManual              | lock was rotated manually into locked position                                                                     |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 39     | UnlockedManual            | lock was rotated manually into unlocked position                                                                   |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 40     | Jammed                    | lock got stuck during locking/unlocking/pulling action                                                             |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 41     | PowerOff                  | lock registered long button push and it will power off                                                             |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 42     | PowerOn                   | lock registered power up                                                                                           |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 43     | Calibration               | user successfully calibrate or recalibrate the lock                                                                |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 46     | BatteryCharging           | device detect start charging process                                                                               |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 47     | PartiallyOpenManual       | user rotated the lock from locked or unlocked position into semi-locked position                                   |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 48     | PartiallyOpenButton       | operation of locking or unlocking performed from button failed and lock stopped in semi-locked position            |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 49     | PartiallyOpenAuto         | operation of auto locking failed and lock stopped in semi-locked position                                          |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 50     | BatteryStopCharging       | device detect stop charging process                                                                                |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 51     | PulledRemote              | spring was pulled via mobile app                                                                                   |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 52     | PulledAuto                | spring was pulled automatically after receiving auto unlock command from mobile app                                |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 53     | PulledManual              | lock was rotated manually to perform pull spring action                                                            |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 54     | PartiallyOpenRemote       | mobile app sent open or close request and received lock status changed to partially open                           |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 55     | PulledAutoByRemote        | mobile app sent auto unlock request when lock was already in unlocked position and only pull spring was performed  |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 56     | PostponedLock             | locked by pressing and holding the button on lock device                                                           |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 57     | UnlockedHomeKit           | unlocked via HomeKit app                                                                                           |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 58     | PartiallyOpenHomeKit      | HomeKit app sent open or close request and received lock status changed to partially open                          |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 59     | LockedHomeKit             | locked via HomeKit app                                                                                             |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 60     | PulledHomeKit             | spring was pulled via HomeKit app                                                                                  |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 61     | UnlockByPin               | unlocked from keypad by pin                                                                                        |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 62     | IncorrectPin              | incorrect pin typed on keypad                                                                                      |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 63     | PullSpringByPin           | keypad sent unlock request when pull spring is enabled and lock was open and only pull spring was performed        |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 64     | PartiallyOpenByPin        | keypad sent unlock request and received lock status changed to partially open                                      |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 65     | LockedByKeypadWithPin     | locked from keypad by pin                                                                                          |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 66     | LockedByKeypadWithoutPin  | locked from keypad by button (without pin)                                                                         |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 67     | LockForceUnlocked         | unlocked using force unlock option                                                                                 |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 68     | LockForceUnlockedByPin    | unlocked using force unlock option by pin                                                                          |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 74     | LockUncalibrated          | lock was uncalibrated                                                                                              |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 75     | UnauthorizedPin           | pin was used outside assigned permissions period                                                                   |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 76     | PulledAutoByPin           | spring was pulled automatically by pin                                                                             |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 83     | DoorOpened                | door was opened                                                                                                    |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 84     | DoorClosed                | door was closed                                                                                                    |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 85     | DoorSensorUncalibrated    | door sensor device lost calibration                                                                                |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 86     | DoorOpenTooLong           | door open too long                                                                                                 |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 224    | FirmwareUpdateByBridge    | device was updated by bridge                                                                                       |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 225    | FirmwareUpdateByMobile    | device was updated by mobile app                                                                                   |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 226    | LockedByAccessLink        | lock was locked via access link                                                                                    |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 227    | UnlockedByBridgeApi       | lock was unlocked via bridge api                                                                                   |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 228    | UnlockedByAccessLink      | lock was unlocked via access link                                                                                  |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 229    | UnlockedByBridgeApi       | lock was unlocked via bridge api                                                                                   |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 230    | PulledByAccessLink        | spring was pulled via access link                                                                                  |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 231    | PulledByBridgeApi         | spring was pulled via bridge api                                                                                   |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 232    | PartiallyOpenByAccessLink | access link sent unlock request and received lock status changed to partially open                                 |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 233    | PartiallyOpenByBridgeApi  | bridge api sent unlock request and received lock status changed to partially open                                  |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 234    | PulledAutoByAccessLink    | access link sent auto unlock request when lock was already in unlocked position and only pull spring was performed |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 235    | PulledAutoByBridgeApi     | bridge api sent auto unlock request when lock was already in unlocked position and only pull spring was performed  |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 10000  | GateUnlockedByRemote      | gate was unlocked via mobile app                                                                                   |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 10001  | GateUnlockedByAccessLink  | gate was unlocked via access link                                                                                  |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Commit message:

Add event types for fingerprint (#167)
* Update doc

* Update description

* Update doc

* Pr fixes

docs/source/enums/event-type.rst, after:

Event type
---------------------------------------

This enum describes possible events in device activity logs

+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Number |           Name            |                                                    Description                                                     |
+========+===========================+====================================================================================================================+
| 32     | LockedRemote              | locked via mobile app                                                                                              |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 33     | UnlockedRemote            | unlocked via mobile app                                                                                            |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 34     | LockedButton              | locked by pressing the button on lock device                                                                       |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 35     | UnlockedButton            | unlocked by pressing the button on lock device                                                                     |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 36     | LockedAuto                | successfully performed auto lock feature                                                                           |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 37     | UnlockedAuto              | successfully performed auto unlock feature                                                                         |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 38     | LockedManual              | lock was rotated manually into locked position                                                                     |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 39     | UnlockedManual            | lock was rotated manually into unlocked position                                                                   |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 40     | Jammed                    | lock got stuck during locking/unlocking/pulling action                                                             |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 41     | PowerOff                  | lock registered long button push and it will power off                                                             |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 42     | PowerOn                   | lock registered power up                                                                                           |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 43     | Calibration               | user successfully calibrate or recalibrate the lock                                                                |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 46     | BatteryCharging           | device detect start charging process                                                                               |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 47     | PartiallyOpenManual       | user rotated the lock from locked or unlocked position into semi-locked position                                   |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 48     | PartiallyOpenButton       | operation of locking or unlocking performed from button failed and lock stopped in semi-locked position            |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 49     | PartiallyOpenAuto         | operation of auto locking failed and lock stopped in semi-locked position                                          |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 50     | BatteryStopCharging       | device detect stop charging process                                                                                |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 51     | PulledRemote              | spring was pulled via mobile app                                                                                   |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 52     | PulledAuto                | spring was pulled automatically after receiving auto unlock command from mobile app                                |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 53     | PulledManual              | lock was rotated manually to perform pull spring action                                                            |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 54     | PartiallyOpenRemote       | mobile app sent open or close request and received lock status changed to partially open                           |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 55     | PulledAutoByRemote        | mobile app sent auto unlock request when lock was already in unlocked position and only pull spring was performed  |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 56     | PostponedLock             | locked by pressing and holding the button on lock device                                                           |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 57     | UnlockedHomeKit           | unlocked via HomeKit app                                                                                           |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 58     | PartiallyOpenHomeKit      | HomeKit app sent open or close request and received lock status changed to partially open                          |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 59     | LockedHomeKit             | locked via HomeKit app                                                                                             |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 60     | PulledHomeKit             | spring was pulled via HomeKit app                                                                                  |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 61     | UnlockByPin               | unlocked from keypad by pin                                                                                        |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 62     | IncorrectPin              | incorrect pin typed on keypad                                                                                      |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 63     | PullSpringByPin           | keypad sent unlock request when pull spring is enabled and lock was open and only pull spring was performed        |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 64     | PartiallyOpenByPin        | keypad sent unlock request and received lock status changed to partially open                                      |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 65     | LockedByKeypadWithPin     | locked from keypad by pin                                                                                          |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 66     | LockedByKeypadWithoutPin  | locked from keypad by button (without pin)                                                                         |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 67     | LockForceUnlocked         | unlocked using force unlock option                                                                                 |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 68     | LockForceUnlockedByPin    | unlocked using force unlock option by pin                                                                          |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 74     | LockUncalibrated          | lock was uncalibrated                                                                                              |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 75     | UnauthorizedPin           | pin was used outside assigned permissions period                                                                   |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 76     | PulledAutoByPin           | spring was pulled automatically by pin                                                                             |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 77     | UnlockedByFingerprint     | unlocked by fingerprint from keypad                                                                                |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 78     | ForceUnlockedByFingerprint| unlocked using force unlock option by fingerprint from keypad                                                      |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 79     | PartiallyOpenByFingerprint| when the keypad sends an unlock request via fingerprint,                                                           |
|        |                           | it receives a response indicating the lock is partially open                                                       |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 80     | PulledByFingerprint       | when the keypad sends an unlock request via fingerprint,                                                           |
|        |                           | the pull spring is enabled while the lock is in an open state, only the pull spring action is performed            |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 81     | PulledAutoByFingerprint   | spring was pulled automatically by fingerprint from keypad                                                         |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 83     | DoorOpened                | door was opened                                                                                                    |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 84     | DoorClosed                | door was closed                                                                                                    |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 85     | DoorSensorUncalibrated    | door sensor device lost calibration                                                                                |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 86     | DoorOpenTooLong           | door open too long                                                                                                 |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 224    | FirmwareUpdateByBridge    | device was updated by bridge                                                                                       |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 225    | FirmwareUpdateByMobile    | device was updated by mobile app                                                                                   |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 226    | LockedByAccessLink        | lock was locked via access link                                                                                    |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 227    | UnlockedByBridgeApi       | lock was unlocked via bridge api                                                                                   |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 228    | UnlockedByAccessLink      | lock was unlocked via access link                                                                                  |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 229    | UnlockedByBridgeApi       | lock was unlocked via bridge api                                                                                   |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 230    | PulledByAccessLink        | spring was pulled via access link                                                                                  |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 231    | PulledByBridgeApi         | spring was pulled via bridge api                                                                                   |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 232    | PartiallyOpenByAccessLink | access link sent unlock request and received lock status changed to partially open                                 |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 233    | PartiallyOpenByBridgeApi  | bridge api sent unlock request and received lock status changed to partially open                                  |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 234    | PulledAutoByAccessLink    | access link sent auto unlock request when lock was already in unlocked position and only pull spring was performed |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 235    | PulledAutoByBridgeApi     | bridge api sent auto unlock request when lock was already in unlocked position and only pull spring was performed  |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 10000  | GateUnlockedByRemote      | gate was unlocked via mobile app                                                                                   |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 10001  | GateUnlockedByAccessLink  | gate was unlocked via access link                                                                                  |
+--------+---------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
