docs/source/endpoints/deviceaccess/delete.rst, before:

Delete
=========================

This endpoint allows to remove access to the device from the user. 
To remove access from user you need to be owner or administrator of the device.

.. code-block:: sh

    DELETE |apiUrl|/api/|apiVersion|/my/device/{deviceId}/access/{accessId}

**URI Parameters**

+---------------------------+-----------+--------------------------+
| Name                      | Type      |    Description           | 
+===========================+===========+==========================+
| accessId                  | number    | id of access to delete   |
+---------------------------+-----------+--------------------------+
| deviceId                  | number    | id of device             |
+---------------------------+-----------+--------------------------+


Responses 
-------------

+------------------------+--------------------------+
| Name                   | Description              |
+========================+==========================+
| 204 No Content         | successful operation     |
+------------------------+--------------------------+

Scopes
-------------

+------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Name                   | Description                                                                   |
+========================+===============================================================================+
| DeviceShare.ReadWrite  | Grants user possibility to read and write data connected with device access   |
+------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Examples
-------------

Remove access to the device
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

**Sample request**

.. code-block:: sh

    curl -X DELETE "|apiUrl|/api/|apiVersion|/my/device/1/access/15" -H "accept: application/json" -H "Content-Type: application/json-patch+json" -H "Authorization: Bearer <<access token>>"



**Sample response**

HTTP status code: ``204``

.. code-block:: js

        {
            "success": true,
            "errorMessages": [],
            "statusCode": 204
        }

Commit message:

Group management and device access migration to principal format (#188)
* Update documentation for user and user group access management

* Update documentation for device access API structure and examples

* Align casing in parameters and update examples in device access API documentation

* Revamp device access management documentation: added user group support, clarified API examples, and enhanced structure for better readability.

* Add documentation for organization user group management endpoints, including creation, update, deletion, member management, and access retrieval.

* Add documentation for organization groups and members, including details and response structures

* Update organization groups documentation: improve response codes, align data types, and refine scopes

* Update device access API documentation: clarify parameter descriptions, refine examples, and fix formatting inconsistencies

* Refine device access API documentation: improve clarity on response details based on access levels.

* Refine device access management documentation: improve formatting, add "important" notes, clarify access requirements for users and groups, and update examples.

* Update release notes for 2025-08-11: document v37 API changes, device access enhancements, organization groups support, and related guides

* Update dependencies in docs/requirements.txt: adjust docutils version range, remove sphinx version constraint

* Add access priority rules to device access management documentation

* Add detailed response structures and examples for organization group member operations, including new

* Update device access documentation: replace response structure with `post-device-access-result`, refine examples, and delete `device-access-success` structure.

* Update device access docs: add `post-device-access-result`, remove `device-access-success` link

* Update organization group details documentation: clarify 'members' type as optional

docs/source/endpoints/deviceaccess/delete.rst, after:

Delete
=========================

This endpoint allows to remove access to the device from a user or user group. 
To remove access you need to be owner or administrator of the device.

.. code-block:: sh

    DELETE |apiUrl|/api/|apiVersion|/my/device/{deviceId}/access/{accessId}

**URI Parameters**

+---------------------------+-----------+--------------------------+
| Name                      | Type      |    Description           | 
+===========================+===========+==========================+
| accessId                  | UUID      | id of access to delete   |
+---------------------------+-----------+--------------------------+
| deviceId                  | number    | id of device             |
+---------------------------+-----------+--------------------------+


Responses 
-------------

+------------------------+--------------------------+
| Name                   | Description              |
+========================+==========================+
| 204 No Content         | successful operation     |
+------------------------+--------------------------+

Scopes
-------------

+------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Name                   | Description                                                                   |
+========================+===============================================================================+
| DeviceShare.ReadWrite  | Grants user possibility to read and write data connected with device access   |
+------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Examples
-------------

Remove access from the device
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

**Sample request**

.. code-block:: sh

    curl -X DELETE "|apiUrl|/api/|apiVersion|/my/device/1/access/bcc1fdc9-13ee-43b3-a13e-eaba8eaf7996" -H "accept: application/json" -H "Content-Type: application/json-patch+json" -H "Authorization: Bearer <<access token>>"



**Sample response**

HTTP status code: ``204``

.. code-block:: js

        {
            "success": true,
            "errorMessages": [],
            "statusCode": 204
        }
