docs/source/endpoints/deviceaccess/update.rst, before:

Update
=========================

Allows to update access details to the device for specific access.
This endpoint can be used by owner or administrator of the device.

.. code-block:: sh

    PUT |apiUrl|/api/|apiVersion|/my/device/{deviceId}/access/{accessId}

**Body Parameters**

+---------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------+
| Name                      | Type                                                                      | Description                                          |
+===========================+===========================================================================+======================================================+
| accessLevel               | :doc:`Access level <../../enums/access-level>`                            | represents user access level                         |
+---------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------+
| dayEndTime                | datetime                                                                  | end time of the day when user can access the device  |
+---------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------+
| dayStartTime              | datetime                                                                  | start time of the day when user can access the device|
+---------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------+
| endDate                   | datetime                                                                  | end date of period when user can access the device   |
+---------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------+
| remoteAccessDisabled      | boolean                                                                   | represents if remote access is disabled              |
+---------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------+
| startDate                 | datetime                                                                  | start date of period when user can access the device |
+---------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------+
| weekDays                  | number                                                                    | allowed week days when user can access the device    |
+---------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------+

Responses 
-------------

+------------------------+--------------------------+
| Name                   | Description              |
+========================+==========================+
| 204 No Content         | successful operation     |
+------------------------+--------------------------+

Scopes
-------------

+------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Name                   | Description                                                                   |
+========================+===============================================================================+
| DeviceShare.ReadWrite  | Grants user possibility to read and write data connected with device access   |
+------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Examples
-------------

Update access
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

**Sample Request**

.. code-block:: sh

    curl -X PUT "|apiUrl|/api/|apiVersion|/my/device/{deviceId}/access/{accessId}" -H "accept: application/json" -H "Content-Type: application/json-patch+json" -H "Authorization: Bearer <<access token>>" -d "<<body>>"

Body:

.. code-block:: js

        {
            "accessLevel": 1,
            "weekDays": 10,
            "dayStartTime": "2020-12-14T08:09:57.781Z",
            "dayEndTime": "2020-12-31T08:10:57.781Z",
            "startDate": null,
            "endDate": null,
            "remoteAccessDisabled" : false
        }

**Sample response**

HTTP status code: ``204``

.. code-block:: js

        {
            "success": true,
            "errorMessages": [],
            "statusCode": 204
        }

Commit message:

Group management and device access migration to principal format (#188)
* Update documentation for user and user group access management

* Update documentation for device access API structure and examples

* Align casing in parameters and update examples in device access API documentation

* Revamp device access management documentation: added user group support, clarified API examples, and enhanced structure for better readability.

* Add documentation for organization user group management endpoints, including creation, update, deletion, member management, and access retrieval.

* Add documentation for organization groups and members, including details and response structures

* Update organization groups documentation: improve response codes, align data types, and refine scopes

* Update device access API documentation: clarify parameter descriptions, refine examples, and fix formatting inconsistencies

* Refine device access API documentation: improve clarity on response details based on access levels.

* Refine device access management documentation: improve formatting, add "important" notes, clarify access requirements for users and groups, and update examples.

* Update release notes for 2025-08-11: document v37 API changes, device access enhancements, organization groups support, and related guides

* Update dependencies in docs/requirements.txt: adjust docutils version range, remove sphinx version constraint

* Add access priority rules to device access management documentation

* Add detailed response structures and examples for organization group member operations, including new

* Update device access documentation: replace response structure with `post-device-access-result`, refine examples, and delete `device-access-success` structure.

* Update device access docs: add `post-device-access-result`, remove `device-access-success` link

* Update organization group details documentation: clarify 'members' type as optional

docs/source/endpoints/deviceaccess/update.rst, after:

Update
=========================

Allows to update access details to the device for a specific access.
This endpoint can be used by owner or administrator of the device.
This endpoint updates the access parameters for an existing user or user group access.

.. code-block:: sh

    PUT |apiUrl|/api/|apiVersion|/my/device/{deviceId}/access/{accessId}

**URI Parameters**

+---------------------------+-----------+--------------------------+
| Name                      | Type      |    Description           | 
+===========================+===========+==========================+
| accessId                  | UUID      | id of access to update   |
+---------------------------+-----------+--------------------------+
| deviceId                  | number    | id of device             |
+---------------------------+-----------+--------------------------+

**Body Parameters**

+---------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------+
| Name                      | Type                                                                      | Description                                            |
+===========================+===========================================================================+========================================================+
| accessLevel               | :doc:`Access level <../../enums/access-level>`                            | represents access level for the principal              |
+---------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------+
| dayEndTime                | datetime                                                                  | end time of the day when principal can access device   |
+---------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------+
| dayStartTime              | datetime                                                                  | start time of the day when principal can access device |
+---------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------+
| endDate                   | datetime                                                                  | end date of period when principal can access device    |
+---------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------+
| remoteAccessDisabled      | boolean                                                                   | represents if remote access is disabled                |
+---------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------+
| startDate                 | datetime                                                                  | start date of period when principal can access device  |
+---------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------+
| weekDays                  | number                                                                    | allowed week days when principal can access device     |
+---------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------+

Responses 
-------------

+------------------------+--------------------------+
| Name                   | Description              |
+========================+==========================+
| 204 No Content         | successful operation     |
+------------------------+--------------------------+

Scopes
-------------

+------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Name                   | Description                                                                   |
+========================+===============================================================================+
| DeviceShare.ReadWrite  | Grants user possibility to read and write data connected with device access   |
+------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Examples
-------------

Update access
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

**Sample Request**

.. code-block:: sh

    curl -X PUT "|apiUrl|/api/|apiVersion|/my/device/{deviceId}/access/{accessId}" -H "accept: application/json" -H "Content-Type: application/json-patch+json" -H "Authorization: Bearer <<access token>>" -d "<<body>>"

Body:

.. code-block:: js

        {
            "accessLevel": 1,
            "weekDays": 10,
            "dayStartTime": "2020-12-14T08:09:57.781Z",
            "dayEndTime": "2020-12-31T08:10:57.781Z",
            "startDate": null,
            "endDate": null,
            "remoteAccessDisabled" : false
        }

**Sample response**

HTTP status code: ``204``

.. code-block:: js

        {
            "success": true,
            "errorMessages": [],
            "statusCode": 204
        }
