docs/source/endpoints/deviceshare/get-all.rst, before:

Get all
=========================

Get all access details for specific device. 
This endpoint can be used by all users that have share to the device but users with access level "Guest" and those users that share are not active
will get in response only information about owner of device and own access details. Owner and administrators with active share will get all users access details.

.. code-block:: sh

    GET |apiUrl|/api/|apiVersion|/my/deviceshare?deviceId={id}

**URI Parameters**

+------------------------+-----------+---------------------+
| Name                   | Type      | Description         |
+========================+===========+=====================+
| deviceId               | number    | id of device        |
+------------------------+-----------+---------------------+

Responses 
-------------

+------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------+
| Name                   | Type                                                           | Description              |
+========================+================================================================+==========================+
| 200 OK                 | :doc:`Share details <../../datastructures/share-details>` []   | successful operation     |
+------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------+

Scopes
-------------

+------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Name                   | Description                                                                   |
+========================+===============================================================================+
| DeviceShare.Read       | Grants user possibility to read data connected with device shares             |
+------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| DeviceShare.ReadWrite  | Grants user possibility to read and write data connected with device shares   |
+------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Examples
-------------

Get shares
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

**Sample Request**

.. code-block:: sh

    curl -X GET "|apiUrl|/api/|apiVersion|/my/deviceShare?deviceId=1" -H "accept: application/json" -H "Authorization: Bearer <<access token>>"


**Sample response**

HTTP status code: ``200``

.. code-block:: js

        {
            "result": [
                {
                    "id": 15,
                    "userId": 11,
                    "deviceId": 1,
                    "userIdentity": "bcc1fdc9-13ee-43b3-a13e-eaba8eaf7996",
                    "accessLevel": 1,
                    "accessType": 0,
                    "userEmail": "john.doe@email.com",
                    "isPending": false,
                    "userDisplayName": "John Doe",
                    "repeatEvent": {
                        "id": 1,
                        "weekDays": 10,
                        "dayStartTime": "2020-12-14T08:09:57.781Z",
                        "dayEndTime": "2020-12-31T08:10:57.781Z",
                        "startDate": null,
                        "endDate": null
                    },
                    "remoteAccessDisabled": true
                },
                                {
                    "id": 16,
                    "userId": 12,
                    "deviceId": 1,
                    "userIdentity": "bcc1fdc9-13ee-43b3-a13e-eaba2eaf7333",
                    "accessLevel": 0,
                    "accessType": 1,
                    "userEmail": "john.kowalsky@email.com",
                    "isPending": false,
                    "userDisplayName": "John Doe",
                    "repeatEvent": {
                        "id": 1,
                        "weekDays": 10,
                        "dayStartTime": "2020-12-14T08:09:57.781Z",
                        "dayEndTime": "2020-12-31T08:10:57.781Z",
                        "startDate": null,
                        "endDate": null
                    },
                    "remoteAccessDisabled": false
                }
            ]
            "success": true,
            "errorMessages": [],
            "statusCode": 200
        }

Commit message:

Added filters to get shares for device

docs/source/endpoints/deviceshare/get-all.rst, after:

Get all
=========================

Get all access details for specific device. 
This endpoint can be used by all users that have share to the device but users with access level "Guest" and those users that share are not active
will get in response only information about owner of device and own access details. Owner and administrators with active share will get all users access details.
Results can be filtered by id and/or email of user.

.. code-block:: sh

    GET |apiUrl|/api/|apiVersion|/my/deviceshare?deviceId={id}&Filters.UserIdentity={userId}&Filters.Email={email}

**URI Parameters**

+----------------------+-------------------+---------------------+
| Name                 | Type              | Description         |
+======================+===================+=====================+
| deviceId             | number            | id of device        |
+----------------------+-------------------+---------------------+
| Filters.UserIdentity | string (optional) | id of user          |
+----------------------+-------------------+---------------------+
| Filters.Email        | string (optional) | email of user       |
+----------------------+-------------------+---------------------+

Responses 
-------------

+------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------+
| Name                   | Type                                                           | Description              |
+========================+================================================================+==========================+
| 200 OK                 | :doc:`Share details <../../datastructures/share-details>` []   | successful operation     |
+------------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------+

Scopes
-------------

+------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Name                   | Description                                                                   |
+========================+===============================================================================+
| DeviceShare.Read       | Grants user possibility to read data connected with device shares             |
+------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| DeviceShare.ReadWrite  | Grants user possibility to read and write data connected with device shares   |
+------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Examples
-------------

Get shares
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

**Sample Request**

.. code-block:: sh

    curl -X GET "|apiUrl|/api/|apiVersion|/my/deviceShare?deviceId=1" -H "accept: application/json" -H "Authorization: Bearer <<access token>>"


**Sample response**

HTTP status code: ``200``

.. code-block:: js

        {
            "result": [
                {
                    "id": 15,
                    "userId": 11,
                    "deviceId": 1,
                    "userIdentity": "bcc1fdc9-13ee-43b3-a13e-eaba8eaf7996",
                    "accessLevel": 1,
                    "accessType": 0,
                    "userEmail": "john.doe@email.com",
                    "isPending": false,
                    "userDisplayName": "John Doe",
                    "repeatEvent": {
                        "id": 1,
                        "weekDays": 10,
                        "dayStartTime": "2020-12-14T08:09:57.781Z",
                        "dayEndTime": "2020-12-31T08:10:57.781Z",
                        "startDate": null,
                        "endDate": null
                    },
                    "remoteAccessDisabled": true
                },
                                {
                    "id": 16,
                    "userId": 12,
                    "deviceId": 1,
                    "userIdentity": "bcc1fdc9-13ee-43b3-a13e-eaba2eaf7333",
                    "accessLevel": 0,
                    "accessType": 1,
                    "userEmail": "john.kowalsky@email.com",
                    "isPending": false,
                    "userDisplayName": "John Doe",
                    "repeatEvent": {
                        "id": 1,
                        "weekDays": 10,
                        "dayStartTime": "2020-12-14T08:09:57.781Z",
                        "dayEndTime": "2020-12-31T08:10:57.781Z",
                        "startDate": null,
                        "endDate": null
                    },
                    "remoteAccessDisabled": false
                }
            ]
            "success": true,
            "errorMessages": [],
            "statusCode": 200
        }
