docs/source/endpoints/gate/unlock.rst, before:

Unlock
=========================

Send a command to unlock the gate with provided id.

.. code-block:: sh

    POST |apiUrl|/api/|apiVersion|/my/gate/{id}/operation/unlock
    
**URI Parameters**

+------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------+
| Name                   | Type                                                    | Description                 |
+========================+=========================================================+=============================+
| id                     | number                                                  | id of gate                  |
+------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------+

Responses 
-------------

+-------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Name                    | Description                                                                 |
+=========================+=============================================================================+
| 204 No Content          | Successful operation                                                        |
+-------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 400 Bad Request         | The user doesn't have active BleBox integration, the gate is disconnected   |
+-------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 403 Forbidden           | The user doesn't have permission to the gate                                |
+-------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| 404 Not Found           | Gate not found                                                              |
+-------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Scopes
-------------

+------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Name                   | Description                                                                   |
+========================+===============================================================================+
| Device.ReadWrite       | Grants user possibility to read and write data connected with devices         |
+------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Lock.Operate           | Grants user possibility to operate locks                                      |
+------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Example
-------------

Unlock the gate with id 1
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

**Sample request**

.. code-block:: sh

    curl -X POST "|apiUrl|/api/|apiVersion|/my/gate/1/operation/unlock" -H "accept: application/json" -H "Content-Type: application/json-patch+json" -H "Authorization: Bearer <<access token>>"

**Sample response**

HTTP status code: ``204``

.. code-block:: js

    {
        "success": true,
        "errorMessages": [],
        "statusCode": 204
    }

Commit message:

Extend 'How to manage and operate gates' and fix minor issues. (#117)
* Added gates sync howto

* Fix after merge

* update location object

* update gate entity

* gate unlock adjustments

* remove deprecated macaddress field

* update lock to lock PRO

* update ids in samples

* clean

* change order

* change order

* duplicate the description in endpoints

* duplicate the description in endpoints

---------

Co-authored-by: Kamil <kamil.lucyszyn@tedee.com>

docs/source/endpoints/gate/unlock.rst, after:

Unlock
=========================

Send a command to unlock the gate with provided id.

Running this operation requires the user to have active BleBox integration and active permission to the gate.

After successful operation, the gate will be unlocked.

If you want to get familiar with the whole flow how to manage and operate gates, please refer to our tutorial: :doc:`How to manage and operate gates <../../howtos/manage-and-operate-gates>`.

.. code-block:: sh

    POST |apiUrl|/api/|apiVersion|/my/gate/{id}/operation/unlock
    
**URI Parameters**

+------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------+
| Name                   | Type                                                    | Description                 |
+========================+=========================================================+=============================+
| id                     | number                                                  | id of gate                  |
+------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------+

Responses 
-------------

+-----------------+-------------------------------------------------------------+
| Name            | Description                                                 |
+=================+=============================================================+
| 204 No Content  | Successful operation                                        |
+-----------------+-------------------------------------------------------------+
| 400 Bad Request | The user doesn't have active BleBox integration             |
+-----------------+-------------------------------------------------------------+
| 403 Forbidden   | The user doesn't have active permission (share) to the gate |
+-----------------+-------------------------------------------------------------+
| 404 Not Found   | Gate not found                                              |
+-----------------+-------------------------------------------------------------+

Scopes
-------------

+------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Name                   | Description                                                                   |
+========================+===============================================================================+
| Device.ReadWrite       | Grants user possibility to read and write data connected with devices         |
+------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Lock.Operate           | Grants user possibility to operate locks                                      |
+------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Example
-------------

Unlock the gate
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

**Sample request**

.. code-block:: sh

    curl -X POST "|apiUrl|/api/|apiVersion|/my/gate/123/operation/unlock" -H "accept: application/json" -H "Content-Type: application/json-patch+json" -H "Authorization: Bearer <<access token>>"

**Sample response**

HTTP status code: ``204``

.. code-block:: js

    {
        "success": true,
        "errorMessages": [],
        "statusCode": 204
    }
