docs/source/datastructures/access-details.rst, before:

Access details
-----------------

+------------------------+---------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Name                   | Type                                        | Description                                                      |
+========================+=============================================+==================================================================+
| accessLevel            | :doc:`Access level <../enums/access-level>` | access level for the granted access                              |
+------------------------+---------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------+
| dayEndTime             | datetime                                    | end time of the day when user can access the device              |
+------------------------+---------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------+
| dayStartTime           | datetime                                    | start time of the day when user can access the device            |
+------------------------+---------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------+
| deviceId               | number                                      | id of the device                                                 |
+------------------------+---------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------+
| endDate                | datetime                                    | end date of period when user can access the device               |
+------------------------+---------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------+
| id                     | number                                      | id of the access                                                 |
+------------------------+---------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------+
| isPending              | boolean                                     | if user doesn't have Tedee account the email invitation is sent. |
|                        |                                             | Until user creates account the access is pending                 |
+------------------------+---------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------+
| remoteAccessDisabled   | boolean                                     | is remote access  disabled                                       |
+------------------------+---------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------+
| startDate              | datetime                                    | start date of period when user can access the device             |
+------------------------+---------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------+
| userDisplayName        | string                                      | user display name that device access is granted for              |
+------------------------+---------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------+
| userEmail              | string                                      | user email that device access is granted for                     |
+------------------------+---------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------+
| userId                 | number                                      | user id that device access is granted for                        |
+------------------------+---------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------+
| userIdentity           | string                                      | user identity that device access is granted for                  |
+------------------------+---------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------+
| weekDays               | number                                      | allowed week days when user can access the device                |
+------------------------+---------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------+

Commit message:

Update documentation for user and user group access management

docs/source/datastructures/access-details.rst, after:

Access details
-----------------

+------------------------+---------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Name                   | Type                                        | Description                                                      |
+========================+=============================================+==================================================================+
| accessLevel            | :doc:`Access level <../enums/access-level>` | access level for the granted access                              |
+------------------------+---------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------+
| dayEndTime             | datetime                                    | end time of the day when principal can access the device         |
+------------------------+---------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------+
| dayStartTime           | datetime                                    | start time of the day when principal can access the device       |
+------------------------+---------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------+
| deviceId               | number                                      | id of the device                                                 |
+------------------------+---------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------+
| endDate                | datetime                                    | end date of period when principal can access the device          |
+------------------------+---------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------+
| id                     | UUID                                        | id of the access                                                 |
+------------------------+---------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------+
| isPending              | boolean                                     | if user doesn't have Tedee account the email invitation is sent. |
|                        |                                             | Until user creates account the access is pending                 |
+------------------------+---------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------+
| organizationUserId     | number                                      | organization user id                                             |
+------------------------+---------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------+
| principalId            | UUID                                        | principal (user or group) UID that device access is granted for  |
+------------------------+---------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------+
| principalName          | string                                      | principal display name that device access is granted for         |
+------------------------+---------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------+
| principalType          | number                                      | 0 = User, 1 = UserGroup                                          |
+------------------------+---------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------+
| remoteAccessDisabled   | boolean                                     | is remote access disabled                                        |
+------------------------+---------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------+
| startDate              | datetime                                    | start date of period when principal can access the device        |
+------------------------+---------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------+
| userEmail              | string                                      | user email that device access is granted for                     |
+------------------------+---------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------+
| weekDays               | number                                      | allowed week days when principal can access the device           |
+------------------------+---------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------+
