docs/source/datastructures/gate.rst, before:

Gate
-----------------

+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| Name                     | Type                                               | Description                                       |
+==========================+====================================================+===================================================+
| accessLevel              | :doc:`Access level <../enums/access-level>`        | current user access level                         |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| created                  | datetime                                           | when gate was added to user account               |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| deviceRevision           | number                                             | current gate revision on the device               |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| externalId               | string                                             | id of gate in BleBox system                       |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| externalName             | string                                             | name of gate in external system                   |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| externalType             | string                                             | type of gate in external system                   |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| impulseLength            | number                                             | length of the gate opening time in miliseconds    |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| icon                     | :doc:`Gate icon <../enums/gate-icon>`              | icon of gate                                      |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| id                       | number                                             | gate id                                           |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| isConnected              | boolean                                            | is gate connected to bridge                       |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| isPresentInExternal      | boolean                                            | current device settings                           |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| location                 | :doc:`Location <location>`                         | location of gate                                  |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| macAddress               | string                                             | gate mac address                                  |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| name                     | string                                             | gate name                                         |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| organizationId           | integer                                            | id of organization that gate is connected to      |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| revision                 | number                                             | current gate revision in database                 |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| serialNumber             | string                                             | gate serial number                                |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| shareDetails             | :doc:`Share details <share-details>`               | share details of current user for that device     |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| softwareVersions         | :doc:`Software version <software-versions>`        | software versions of the device                   |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| targetDeviceRevision     | number                                             | revision info that is sent to device from backend |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| timeZone                 | string                                             | timezone of gate                                  |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| type                     | :doc:`Device type <../enums/device-type>`          | device type                                       |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| userIdentity             | string                                             | gate owner identity                               |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| userSettings             | :doc:`Gate user settings <gate-user-settings>`     | user settings of gate                             |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+

Commit message:

Extend 'How to manage and operate gates' and fix minor issues. (#117)
* Added gates sync howto

* Fix after merge

* update location object

* update gate entity

* gate unlock adjustments

* remove deprecated macaddress field

* update lock to lock PRO

* update ids in samples

* clean

* change order

* change order

* duplicate the description in endpoints

* duplicate the description in endpoints

---------

Co-authored-by: Kamil <kamil.lucyszyn@tedee.com>

docs/source/datastructures/gate.rst, after:

Gate
-----------------

+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| Name                     | Type                                               | Description                                       |
+==========================+====================================================+===================================================+
| accessLevel              | :doc:`Access level <../enums/access-level>`        | current user access level                         |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| created                  | datetime                                           | when gate was added to user account               |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| deviceRevision           | number                                             | current gate revision on the device               |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| externalId               | string                                             | id of gate in external system                     |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| externalName             | string                                             | name of gate in external system                   |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| externalType             | string                                             | type of gate in external system                   |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| impulseLength            | number                                             | length of the gate opening time in miliseconds    |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| icon                     | :doc:`Gate icon <../enums/gate-icon>`              | gate icon                                         |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| id                       | number                                             | id                                                |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| isConnected              | boolean                                            | gate connection status                            |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| isPresentInExternal      | boolean                                            | informs if gate is present in external system     |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| location                 | :doc:`Location <location>`                         | location of gate                                  |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| name                     | string                                             | gate name in Tedee system                         |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| organizationId           | integer                                            | id of organization that gate is connected to      |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| revision                 | number                                             | current gate revision                             |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| serialNumber             | string                                             | gate serial number                                |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| shareDetails             | :doc:`Share details <share-details>`               | share details of current user for that device     |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| softwareVersions         | :doc:`Software version <software-versions>`        | software versions of the device                   |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| targetDeviceRevision     | number                                             | revision info that is sent to device from backend |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| timeZone                 | string                                             | timezone of gate                                  |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| type                     | :doc:`Device type <../enums/device-type>`          | device type                                       |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| userIdentity             | string                                             | gate owner identity                               |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| userSettings             | :doc:`Gate user settings <gate-user-settings>`     | user settings of gate                             |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
