docs/source/datastructures/lock.rst, before:

Lock
-----------------

+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| Name                     | Type                                               | Description                                       |
+==========================+====================================================+===================================================+
| accessLevel              | :doc:`Access level <../enums/access-level>`        | current user access level                         |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| autoUnlockConfirmEnabled | boolean                                            | is confirm to auto unlock enabled                 |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| autoUnlockEnabled        | boolean                                            | is auto unlock enabled                            |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| autoUnlockRangeIn        | number                                             | value of the in zone                              |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| autoUnlockRangeOut       | number                                             | value of the out zone                             |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| autoUnlockTimeout        | number                                             | value of auto unlock timeout                      |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| beaconMajor              | number                                             | identifies and distinguishes group of beacons     |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| beaconMinor              | number                                             | identifies individual beacon within a group of    |
|                          |                                                    | beacons assigned a major value                    |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| bridgeId                 | number                                             | id of bridge that lock is connected to            |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| connectedToId            | number                                             | id of bridge that lock is connected to            |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| created                  | datetime                                           | when lock was added to user account               |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| deviceRevision           | number                                             | current lock revision on the device               |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| deviceSettings           | :doc:`Device settings <device-settings>`           | current device settings                           |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| id                       | number                                             | lock id                                           |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| isConnected              | boolean                                            | is lock connected to bridge                       |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| location                 | :doc:`Location <location>`                         | geographic location used by auto unlock           |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| lockProperties           | :doc:`Lock properties <lock-properties>`           | current lock status and properties                |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| macAddress               | string                                             | lock mac address                                  |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| name                     | string                                             | lock name                                         |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| revision                 | number                                             | current lock revision in database                 |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| serialNumber             | string                                             | lock serial number                                |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| shareDetails             | :doc:`Share details <share-details>`               | share details of current user for that device     |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| softwareVersions         | :doc:`Software version <software-versions>`        | software versions of the device                   |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| targetDeviceRevision     | number                                             | revision info that is sent to device from backend |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| type                     | :doc:`Device type <../enums/device-type>`          | device type                                       |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| userIdentity             | string                                             | lock owner identity                               |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+

Commit message:

Update datastructures (#61)
* Update datastructures

* Update responses and api version

* Update description of user settings

* Update user settings in how to section

* Change update lock page

docs/source/datastructures/lock.rst, after:

Lock
-----------------

+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| Name                     | Type                                               | Description                                       |
+==========================+====================================================+===================================================+
| accessLevel              | :doc:`Access level <../enums/access-level>`        | current user access level                         |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| beaconMajor              | number                                             | identifies and distinguishes group of beacons     |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| beaconMinor              | number                                             | identifies individual beacon within a group of    |
|                          |                                                    | beacons assigned a major value                    |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| connectedToId            | number                                             | id of bridge that lock is connected to            |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| created                  | datetime                                           | when lock was added to user account               |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| deviceRevision           | number                                             | current lock revision on the device               |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| deviceSettings           | :doc:`Device settings <device-settings>`           | current device settings                           |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| id                       | number                                             | lock id                                           |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| isConnected              | boolean                                            | is lock connected to bridge                       |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| lockProperties           | :doc:`Lock properties <lock-properties>`           | current lock status and properties                |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| macAddress               | string                                             | lock mac address                                  |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| name                     | string                                             | lock name                                         |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| revision                 | number                                             | current lock revision in database                 |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| serialNumber             | string                                             | lock serial number                                |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| shareDetails             | :doc:`Share details <share-details>`               | share details of current user for that device     |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| softwareVersions         | :doc:`Software version <software-versions>`        | software versions of the device                   |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| targetDeviceRevision     | number                                             | revision info that is sent to device from backend |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| type                     | :doc:`Device type <../enums/device-type>`          | device type                                       |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| userIdentity             | string                                             | lock owner identity                               |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
| userSettings             | :doc:`User settings <user-settings>`               | settings of current user for that device          |
+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+
