docs/source/datastructures/lock-properties.rst, before:

Lock properties
-----------------

+------------------------+----------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------+
| Name                   | Type                                         | Description                                             |
+========================+==============================================+=========================================================+
| batteryLevel           | number                                       | current battery level                                   |
+------------------------+----------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------+
| isCharging             | boolean                                      | is lock currently charging                              |
+------------------------+----------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------+
| state                  | :doc:`Lock state <../enums/lock-state>`      | current state of the lock                               |
+------------------------+----------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------+
| stateChangeResult      | number                                       | result of last state change (0 - success, > 0 - error)  |
+------------------------+----------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------+
| lastStateChangedDate   | datetime                                     | date and time of last state change                      |
+------------------------+----------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------+

Commit message:

Add how to use door state (#161)
* Add new DoorSensor related EventType's

* Create door-state.rst

* Update index.rst

* Update lock-status-changed.rst

* added notes

* Update documentation

* Soft alphabetically

* Fix sample json

* Fix json

* #89509 - prepare documentation for door state

* add "door open too long" event

* #89509 - prepare documentation for door state

---------

Co-authored-by: Kamil <kamil.lucyszyn@tedee.com>
Co-authored-by: Adam Pietrowski <adam.pietrowski@tedee.com>
Co-authored-by: Rafal Darlak <contact@rafaldarlak.com>

docs/source/datastructures/lock-properties.rst, after:

Lock properties
-----------------

+------------------------+----------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------+
| Name                   | Type                                         | Description                                             |
+========================+==============================================+=========================================================+
| batteryLevel           | number                                       | current battery level                                   |
+------------------------+----------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------+
| doorState              | :doc:`Door state <../enums/door-state>`      | current state of the door sensor device                 |
+------------------------+----------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------+
| isCharging             | boolean                                      | is lock currently charging                              |
+------------------------+----------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------+
| state                  | :doc:`Lock state <../enums/lock-state>`      | current state of the lock                               |
+------------------------+----------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------+
| stateChangeResult      | number                                       | result of last state change (0 - success, > 0 - error)  |
+------------------------+----------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------+
| lastStateChangedDate   | datetime                                     | date and time of last state change                      |
+------------------------+----------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------+
