docs/source/datastructures/repeat-event.rst, before:

Repeat event
-----------------

+------------------------+------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Name                   | Type       | Description                                                                                       |
+========================+============+===================================================================================================+
| dayEndTime             | datetime   | end time when user has access to the device                                                       |
+------------------------+------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| dayStartTime           | datetime   | start time when user has access to the device                                                     |
+------------------------+------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| endDate                | datetime   | end date when user has access to the device                                                       |
+------------------------+------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| id                     | number     | id of repeat event                                                                                |
+------------------------+------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| startDate              | datetime   | start date when user has access to the device                                                     |
+------------------------+------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| weekDays               | number     | week days when user has access to the device                                                      |
+------------------------+------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Commit message:

Feature/adjustments to organization access links (#112)
* minor fixes

* minor fixes

* describe that the repeat event is in UTC

* reset

* resolve issue with table after merge

---------

Co-authored-by: Kamil <kamil.lucyszyn@tedee.com>

docs/source/datastructures/repeat-event.rst, after:

Repeat event
-----------------

.. note::
    Dates sent to Tedee API must be in the UTC timezone. The client must convert the date to UTC before sending it to the API.

+--------------+----------+------------------------------------------------------+
| Name         | Type     | Description                                          |
+==============+==========+======================================================+
| dayEndTime   | datetime | end time when user has access to the device          |
+--------------+----------+------------------------------------------------------+
| dayStartTime | datetime | start time when user has access to the device        |
+--------------+----------+------------------------------------------------------+
| endDate      | datetime | end date when user has access to the device          |
+--------------+----------+------------------------------------------------------+
| id           | number   | id of repeat event                                   |
+--------------+----------+------------------------------------------------------+
| startDate    | datetime | start date when user has access to the device in UTC |
+--------------+----------+------------------------------------------------------+
| weekDays     | number   | week days when user has access to the device in UTC  |
+--------------+----------+------------------------------------------------------+
