docs/source/endpoints/lock/sync-single.rst, before:

Sync single
=========================

Sync single lock state by id.

.. code-block:: sh

    GET |apiUrl|/api/|apiVersion|/my/lock/{id}/sync

**URI Parameters**

+------------------------+-----------+---------------------+
| Name                   | Type      | Description         |
+========================+===========+=====================+
| id                     | number    | id of lock to sync  |
+------------------------+-----------+---------------------+

Responses 
-------------

+------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+--------------------------+
| Name                   | Type                                              | Description              |
+========================+===================================================+==========================+
| 200 OK                 | :doc:`Lock sync <../../datastructures/lock-sync>` | successful operation     |
+------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+--------------------------+

Scopes
-------------

+------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Name                   | Description                                                             |
+========================+=========================================================================+
| Device.Read            | Grants user possibility to read data connected with devices             |
+------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Device.ReadWrite       | Grants user possibility to read and write data connected with devices   |
+------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Examples
-------------

Sync single lock
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

**Sample Request**

.. code-block:: sh

    curl -X GET "|apiUrl|/api/|apiVersion|/my/lock/1/sync" -H "accept: application/json" -H "Authorization: Bearer <<access token>>"

**Sample response for lock connected to bridge**

HTTP status code: ``200``

.. code-block:: js

    {
        "result": {
            "id": 1,
            "isConnected": true,
            "lockProperties": {
                "state": 3,
                "isCharging": false,
                "batteryLevel": 54,
                "stateChangeResult": 0,
                "lastStateChangedDate": "2021-04-26T06:02:04.197Z"
            }
        }
        "success": true,
        "errorMessages": [],
        "statusCode": 200
    }


**Sample response for lock disconnected from bridge**

HTTP status code: ``200``

.. code-block:: js

    {
        "result": {
            "id": 1,
            "isConnected": false,
            "lockProperties": null
        }
        "success": true,
        "errorMessages": [],
        "statusCode": 200
    }

Commit message:

Define limits for single sync endpoint

docs/source/endpoints/lock/sync-single.rst, after:

Sync single
=========================

Sync single lock state by id.

.. warning::

    You shouldn't run this endpoint more than once every 20 seconds.

.. code-block:: sh

    GET |apiUrl|/api/|apiVersion|/my/lock/{id}/sync

**URI Parameters**

+------------------------+-----------+---------------------+
| Name                   | Type      | Description         |
+========================+===========+=====================+
| id                     | number    | id of lock to sync  |
+------------------------+-----------+---------------------+

Responses 
-------------

+------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+--------------------------+
| Name                   | Type                                              | Description              |
+========================+===================================================+==========================+
| 200 OK                 | :doc:`Lock sync <../../datastructures/lock-sync>` | successful operation     |
+------------------------+---------------------------------------------------+--------------------------+

Scopes
-------------

+------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Name                   | Description                                                             |
+========================+=========================================================================+
| Device.Read            | Grants user possibility to read data connected with devices             |
+------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Device.ReadWrite       | Grants user possibility to read and write data connected with devices   |
+------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Examples
-------------

Sync single lock
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

**Sample Request**

.. code-block:: sh

    curl -X GET "|apiUrl|/api/|apiVersion|/my/lock/1/sync" -H "accept: application/json" -H "Authorization: Bearer <<access token>>"

**Sample response for lock connected to bridge**

HTTP status code: ``200``

.. code-block:: js

    {
        "result": {
            "id": 1,
            "isConnected": true,
            "lockProperties": {
                "state": 3,
                "isCharging": false,
                "batteryLevel": 54,
                "stateChangeResult": 0,
                "lastStateChangedDate": "2021-04-26T06:02:04.197Z"
            }
        }
        "success": true,
        "errorMessages": [],
        "statusCode": 200
    }


**Sample response for lock disconnected from bridge**

HTTP status code: ``200``

.. code-block:: js

    {
        "result": {
            "id": 1,
            "isConnected": false,
            "lockProperties": null
        }
        "success": true,
        "errorMessages": [],
        "statusCode": 200
    }
